Pass of preliminaries (#486)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-vdaf: draft-irtf-cfrg-vdaf.md

### NTT-Friendly Fields {#field-ntt-friendly}

Some VDAFs, including Prio3, require fields that are suitable for efficient
computation of the number theoretic transform (NTT) {{SML24}}, as this allows
for fast polynomial interpolation. Specifically, a field is said to be
"NTT-friendly" if, in addition to the interface described in {{field}}, it
provides the interface:

* `Field.gen() -> Self` is a class method that returns the generator of a large
  subgroup of the multiplicative group. To be NTT-friendly, the order of this
  subgroup MUST be a power of 2. In addition, the size of the subgroup dictates
  how large interpolated polynomials can be. It is RECOMMENDED that a generator
  is chosen with order at least `2^20`.

* `GEN_ORDER: int` is the order of a multiplicative subgroup generated by
  `Field.gen()`. That is, `Field.gen()**Field.GEN_ORDER == Field(1)`, where

>   `**` denotes exponentiation in Python.

Author: Changed to "This is the smallest positive integer for which ..."

### XofTurboShake128 {#xof-turboshake128}

This section describes XofTurboShake128, an XOF based on the TurboSHAKE128
function specified in {{!TurboSHAKE=I-D.draft-irtf-cfrg-kangarootwelve}}. This
XOF is RECOMMENDED for all use cases for DAFs and VDAFs.

> TODO Update the {{!TurboSHAKE}} reference to point to the RFC instead of the
> draft.

Pre-conditions:

> * The default seed length is `32`. The seed MAY have any length, but MUST not

Reviewer: nit: rephrasing
```suggestion
* The default seed length is `32`. The seed MAY have a different length, but MUST not
```
